.\" pads.conf.8
.\"
.\" Matt Shelton <matt@mattshelton.com>
.\"
.\" pads.conf man page
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2005 Matt Shelton <matt@mattshelton.com>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\" $Id: pads.conf.8,v 1.1 2005/06/15 21:57:12 mattshelton Exp $
.TH pads.conf 8 2005/06/17

.SH NAME
pads.conf \- pads configuration file

.SH DESCRIPTION

This man page describes the format of the pads(8) configuration file.

Empty lines and lines beginning with '#' are ignored.

.SH PARAMETERS
.IP "daemon [0/1]"
his parameter determines whether the application will go into the background.
0 = Disable, 1 = Enable

.IP "pid_file <file>"
Filename of the pads PID file.  This value should be set if you are
planning on using daemon mode.  

.IP "sig_file <file>"
Alternate location for the pads-signature-list file.

.IP "mac_file <file>"
Alternate location for the pads-ether-codes file.

.IP "user <username>"
This is the name of the user pads will run as when started as root.

.IP "group <groupname>"
This is the name of the group pads will run as when started as root.

.IP "interface <interface>"
This contains the name of the interface PADS will listen to.

.IP "filter <filter>"
This value contains a libpcap filter to be applied to the PADS session.  For
example, to filter only SSH traffice, specify "filter 'port 22'".

.IP "network <network>"
This string contains a comma seperated list of networks to be monitored.  Only
assets found in these networks will be recorded.  For example, "network
192.168.0.0/24,192.168.1.0/24,10.10.10.0/24".

.IP "output screen"
This output plugin displays PADS data to the screen.  When using the
configuration file, it defaults to off.

.IP "output csv: <filename> [readonly]"
This output plugin writes PADS data to a CSV file.  Optionally, a CSV filename
can be specified as an argument. If you want the file used only to populate
the internal known assets list but never be updated, then use the readonly
option. This would be handy when you have a baseline and want to use it for
intrusion detection.

.IP "output fifo: <filename>"
This output plugin writes PADS data to a FIFO file.  Optionally, a FIFO
filename can be specified as an argument.

.IP "output prelude: <profilename>"
This output plugin writes PADS data as IDMEF alerts via prelude. Optionally you can add a profile name if you want something different than the default of pads.

.SH SEE ALSO
pads(8)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2005 Matt Shelton <matt@mattshelton.com>

.SH BUGS
Please send bug reports to the author.

.SH AUTHORS
Matt Shelton <matt@mattshelton.com>
